Updated the ReadMe for VS2022 spectre-mitigated libs and versions of other build tools (#1025)
microsoft/qsharp-runtime: README.md

To build on Windows:

1. Install the pre-reqs:
    * Install [CMake](https://cmake.org/install/) 3.20 or newer.
    * Install [Visual Studio 2022](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/). Make sure you install the following workloads:
        * **Desktop development with C++**

>         * **Spectre-mitigated libraries. For that in the Visual Studio Installer, for the VS version of interest,
>           press "Modify" button, "Individual Components" tab, search for "spectre", select the latest version of "MSVC v143 - VS 2022 C++ x64/x86 Spectre-mitigated libs", press "Modify" button**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * **Spectre-mitigated libraries. Once Visual Studio has been installed, using the installer for the VS version of interest,
          click the"Modify" button, go to the "Individual Components" tab, search for "spectre", select the latest version of "MSVC v143 - VS 2022 C++ x64/x86 Spectre-mitigated libs", and click the "Modify" button to install the selected components**
```
